In this story, a heroic mobster falls passionately in love with an amiable wanderer - all thanks to a flashback.
This story starts in a grocery store in a manufacturing city.

His flashback happened after he got into the hospital. He was hurt while hunting the most wanted person in manufacturing city.
The city is a rough place, even for mobsters. The streets are filled with giant rats and were smoked with fumes from the manufacturing company. With campers everywhere; nowhere to run. The streets of Tacoma will never be the same. 

The mobsters name was Vincent De Luca, everyone knew him as Vinnie. Vinnie was in hot pursuit of the most wanted person in the city, Bob. Just thinking about that name had shooken up Vinnie, he knew the horrible acts of violence and terror Bob had rained upon Tacoma, he knew he had to stop him at all costs.

Unfortounately for Vinnie, Bob was a merciless tyrant who coughed on Gym equipment and did curls on the bench press. Bob was a king amongst the low of the low. Vinnie had to tread lightly or his story would be told in a college course as a throw away practice assignment.

If he fails he will be banished to Downtown Tacoma where the zombies roam.

Vinnie did't understand that all he had to do is go back to the grocery store and find his love to become happy. He didn't need this life. The mobset style wasn't for fim after all.

Although Vinnie thought this, he knew he had to take care of Bob first. The reason being that Bob had held all of the women of Tacoma captive in his nightclub, keeping them trapped there for forever. Vinnie had needed to devise a plan to eliminate or capture Bob, he had an idea to use the zombies from Downtown Tacoma to overrun the nightclub.

Vinnie used the Uno reverse card and the Blue Eyes White Dragon to defeat Bob...but Bob is Bob, and Bob never dies. He lives inside YOU!
Long live ASAP BOB!

Vinnie has changed after this. He realized that Bob was one of his closest freinds in the mob. All he was left with his amiable wanderer named Roxy. He decided that there was no more business left for him int this dengerous town of Tacoma. Him and Roxy sold everything they had and bought the firts flight out of Tacoma. They didn't care where.

Vinnie and Roxy were lovers at first sight, after the Bob conflict and the zombie outbreak in Downtown Tacoma, they had to leave immediately. They went to the Sea-Tac airport and hopped on a flight towards Hawaii. Little did Vinnie and Roxy know, they had an unwanted traveller on the plane! It was ASAP Bob, he was in the luggage hold the whole time! Vinnie and Bob fought on the plane, thousands of feet in the air. Bob was utterly murdering Vinnie, but Vinnie knew he had to survive for Roxy. Vinnie opened the plane door and Bob got sucked out of the plane, sent out into the Hawaiian skies. Bob had eventually met his demise, he had fallen into the volcano. Vinnie let out a sigh of relief.


